he was a brilliant young lawyer a
Richard Courtois the new Advocate I'm
looking forward to crossing swords with
you left Paris for the quiet country
life was a nice dream my brothers but
beneath the simple pleasures of a small
town I could wish to make a prisoner
would you make a cold sell to keep them
not at all the cell I would put him in
his warm indeed and he could wish never
to come out again he uncovered a mystery
and a seductive witness they saw the
child kill God well I know you've been
tumbling the black woman everybody knows
it could be a conspiracy what did you
hear very little what very little did
you hear it could be so sorry darkness
all about you but to solve this mystery
you must defend the most unusual client
end lawyer has ever had
you see - I a too far - gentlemen it is
insane
where is order Andrew my Betances are
something I should know the boy's death
was unnatural the five animal little
wild you see the temptation do you know
what they can do to you they'll take you
for witchery murder is murder
you promised to her life but that would
have been unlawful Colin Firth
Ian Holm Nicole Williamson and Lisette
Anthony in a town full of lies the lord
have mercy on one man search to find the
truth don't stop this is face did
anybody see the Advocate the original
courtroom thriller